doc/usage.md, before:

[Mobile Boilerplate homepage](http://mobileboilerplate.com/) | [Documentation
table of contents](README.md)

# Usage

Once you have cloned or downloaded Mobile Boilerplate, creating a site or app
usually involves the following:

1. Set up the basic structure of the site.
2. Add some content, style, and functionality.
3. Run your site locally to see how it looks.
4. (Optionally run a build script to automate the optimization of your site -
   e.g. [ant build script](https://github.com/h5bp/ant-build-script)).
5. Deploy your site.


## Basic structure

A basic Mobile Boilerplate site initially looks something like this:

```
.
├── css
│   ├── main.css
│   └── normalize.css
├── doc
├── img
│   ├── startup
│   │   └── [apple-startup-images]
│   └── touch
│       └── [apple-touch-icons]
├── js
│   ├── helper.js
│   ├── main.js
│   ├── plugins.js
│   └── vendor
│       ├── modernizr-2.7.1.min.js
│       └── jquery-2.0.0.min.js
├── tools
│   └── [mobile-bookmark-bubble]
├── .htaccess
├── 404.html
├── index.html
├── humans.txt
├── robots.txt
├── crossdomain.xml
└── favicon.ico
```

What follows is a general overview of each major part and how to use them.

### css

This directory should contain all your project's CSS files. It includes some
initial CSS to help get you started from a solid foundation. [About the
CSS](css.md).

### doc

This directory contains all the Mobile Boilerplate documentation. You can use it
as the location and basis for your own project's documentation.

### js

This directory should contain all your project's JS files. Libraries, plugins,
and custom code can all be included here. It includes some initial JS to help
get you started. [About the JavaScript](js.md).

### .htaccess

The default web server configs are for Apache. For more information, please
refer to the [Apache Server Configs
repository](https://github.com/h5bp/server-configs-apache).

Host your site on a server other than Apache? You're likely to find the
corresponding server configs project listed in our [Server Configs
](https://github.com/h5bp/server-configs/blob/master/README.md) repository.

### 404.html

A helpful custom 404 to get you started.

### index.html

This is the default HTML skeleton that should form the basis of all pages on
your site. If you are using a server-side templating framework, then you will
need to integrate this starting HTML with your setup.

Make sure that you update the URLs for the referenced CSS and JavaScript if you
modify the directory structure at all.

If you are using Google Analytics, make sure that you edit the corresponding
snippet at the bottom to include your analytics ID.

### humans.txt

Edit this file to include the team that worked on your site/app, and the
technology powering it.

### robots.txt

Edit this file to include any pages you need hidden from search engines.

### crossdomain.xml

A template for working with cross-domain requests. [About
crossdomain.xml](crossdomain.md).

### icons and startup images

Replace the default `favicon.ico`, apple touch icons and startup images with your own. You
might want to check out Hans Christian's handy [HTML5 Boilerplate Favicon and
Apple Touch Icon
PSD-Template](http://drublic.de/blog/html5-boilerplate-favicons-psd-template/).

Commit message:

Add support for Open Web Apps

doc/usage.md, after:

[Mobile Boilerplate homepage](http://mobileboilerplate.com/) | [Documentation
table of contents](README.md)

# Usage

Once you have cloned or downloaded Mobile Boilerplate, creating a site or app
usually involves the following:

1. Set up the basic structure of the site.
2. Add some content, style, and functionality.
3. Run your site locally to see how it looks.
4. (Optionally run a build script to automate the optimization of your site -
   e.g. [ant build script](https://github.com/h5bp/ant-build-script)).
5. Deploy your site.


## Basic structure

A basic Mobile Boilerplate site initially looks something like this:

```
.
├── css
│   ├── main.css
│   └── normalize.css
├── doc
├── img
│   ├── startup
│   │   └── [apple-startup-images]
│   └── touch
│       └── [mobile-touch-icons]
├── js
│   ├── helper.js
│   ├── main.js
│   ├── plugins.js
│   └── vendor
│       ├── modernizr-2.7.1.min.js
│       └── jquery-2.0.0.min.js
├── tools
│   └── [mobile-bookmark-bubble]
├── .htaccess
├── 404.html
├── index.html
├── humans.txt
├── robots.txt
├── manifest.webapp
├── crossdomain.xml
└── favicon.ico
```

What follows is a general overview of each major part and how to use them.

### css

This directory should contain all your project's CSS files. It includes some
initial CSS to help get you started from a solid foundation. [About the
CSS](css.md).

### doc

This directory contains all the Mobile Boilerplate documentation. You can use it
as the location and basis for your own project's documentation.

### js

This directory should contain all your project's JS files. Libraries, plugins,
and custom code can all be included here. It includes some initial JS to help
get you started. [About the JavaScript](js.md).

### .htaccess

The default web server configs are for Apache. For more information, please
refer to the [Apache Server Configs
repository](https://github.com/h5bp/server-configs-apache).

Host your site on a server other than Apache? You're likely to find the
corresponding server configs project listed in our [Server Configs
](https://github.com/h5bp/server-configs/blob/master/README.md) repository.

### 404.html

A helpful custom 404 to get you started.

### index.html

This is the default HTML skeleton that should form the basis of all pages on
your site. If you are using a server-side templating framework, then you will
need to integrate this starting HTML with your setup.

Make sure that you update the URLs for the referenced CSS and JavaScript if you
modify the directory structure at all.

If you are using Google Analytics, make sure that you edit the corresponding
snippet at the bottom to include your analytics ID.

### humans.txt

Edit this file to include the team that worked on your site/app, and the
technology powering it.

### robots.txt

Edit this file to include any pages you need hidden from search engines.

### manifest.webapp

Edit this [manifest](https://developer.mozilla.org/Apps/Developing/Manifest) file to include information about your mobile web app
if you would like to add [Open Web App](https://developer.mozilla.org/Apps) support for Firefox OS devices
as well as Firefox for Android.

### crossdomain.xml

A template for working with cross-domain requests. [About
crossdomain.xml](crossdomain.md).

### icons and startup images

Replace the default `favicon.ico`, apple touch icons and startup images with your own. You
might want to check out Hans Christian's handy [HTML5 Boilerplate Favicon and
Apple Touch Icon
PSD-Template](http://drublic.de/blog/html5-boilerplate-favicons-psd-template/).
